The  can gradually change position due to increased water weight.
If the  are not perpendicular to the ground, please stop  the pool and  them.
It will help with weight  to avoid strain on the frame and .
If you do not  to the maintenance  below, your health might be at , especially that of your children.
your pool water clean and  balanced is necessary.
cleaning the   is not enough for proper maintenance; we recommend you use pool  to  water chemistry and  or   (do not use ) with the chemical .
quality is directly related to  of use, number of  and  maintenance of the pool.
The water should be changed every 3 days if there is no chemical treatment being performed with the water.
It is highly recommended to use  water for  to  the influence of  content, such as .
We recommend that you take a shower before using your pool, as  , , and other  on the skin can quickly water quality.
pool regularly to avoid settled dirt.
a  of water next to pool to clean ’ feet before entering pool.
The chemical maintenance must be performed with  or chemical ; 't throw chemical  directly in the water, the chemical will  on the bottom and  the material and  the .
(Not ): Your  pool set may not include any ; in this case you can purchase one by visiting our  ..
or at the  pool .
the chemical  from pool when the pool is in use.
After  chemical maintenance and before using the pool, use a   (not included) to  the water chemistry.
We recommend your water chemical  as shown in the below table.
value 7.4  7.6 2  4 None visible from  of  and  of pool water is not covered by the .
Over usage of  will  the  and all points of the pool material; in worst cases, it will  the structure of the pool .
are   and should be  with care.
There are serious health  from chemical  and the and  of chemical .
your  pool or chemical supply  for more information about chemical maintenance.
close attention to the chemical ’s instructions.
The  is used to  the water and to  small .
In order to keep your pool water clean and , you must also add .
We suggested that you buy a pool , if not included in the set, and  the pool when not in use, to prevent any  to the material on the top .
clean any dirt  on the top  with a clean .
Before  the pool , ensure the water is at the  level.
If the water level is too low, the pool  should not be .