We  you buy a pool  (if one is not included in the set) and prepare it before setting up the pool, as it will help whenever you need to get inside it.
the  with : : Do not leave the pool  while  with water.
the pool situation by time during this operation.
Be sure that the position of the   is not under the  and is  degrees to the surface.
It is highly recommended to use  water for  to   content, such as .
Do not use sea water.
the pool with water after all  steps are completed and until the water  the  line, which  to  of the full capacity.
Do not  as this could cause the pool to .
In the case of heavy , we strongly recommend  the water level to keep it at  capacity and avoid the  of water.
: When the pool is  full, check that the distance between the water surface and the top of the  is the same all around.
If it is different, it means that the surface is not level, and we strongly recommend  the water and  the chosen .
Never attempt to move the pool with water still in it.
:  the pool full of water on  ground can cause the bursting of  points andor pool , causing serious personal injury andor  to property.
Your pool may contain a great deal of .
If your pool has a  or uneven side, the sides may burst, suddenly  water and causing serious personal injury andor  to property.
When the pool is  full, check the pool for any at the  or  and for any  water loss.
Do not add any  to the water until this has been done.
7 1 2 B 3 D E E with the  edge  outward.
: The   must be  between the  and the  before the T-.
The  must be perpendicular to the ground in two directions.
4 5 .
in.
(1 ) When the pool is filled with around .
in.
(1 ) of water, gently smooth out the bottom  to remove all folds.
We recommend starting from the  of the pool and continuing .
You can continue to fill the pool when the floor is smooth and -free.
6 A B If the connection  for the pool's  A is composed of   and  : 1.
the  from  .
2.
the  end of   through the  from the inside of the pool.
3.
the  from the outside of the pool to attach   to the .
4.
and close the water  in the  position to complete the connection.
8 7 2.
in.
- 7.9 in.
(5  - 20 ) :  the position of the   at times while  the pool with water.